docs(GcpRedisInstance): add resource docs (#523)
kyma-project/cloud-manager: docs/user/resources/04-60-gcp-redis-instance.md

| **ipRange**                                       | object | Optional. IpRange reference. If omitted, the default IpRange is used. If the default IpRange does not exist, it will be created.                                                                            |
| **ipRange.name**                                  | string | Required. Name of the existing IpRange to use.                                                                                                                                                              |
| **tier**                                          | string | Required. The service tier of the instance. Supported values are `BASIC` and `STANDARD_HA`                                                                                                                  |
| **memorySizeGb**                                  | int    | Required. Redis memory size in GiB.                                                                                                                                                                         |

> | **transitEncryption**                             | object | Optional. Defines the way TLS is executed. Currently supports only one mode. If not provided, in-transit encryption is disabled. To learn more about in-transit encryption, please see [official documentation page](https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/about-in-transit-encryption). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **transitEncryption**                             | object | Optional. Defines the way TLS is executed. Currently supports only one mode. If not provided, in-transit encryption is disabled. To learn more about in-transit encryption, see [About in-transit encryption](https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/about-in-transit-encryption). |
```

| **transitEncryption.serverAuthentication**        | bool   | Optional. If true, sets in-transit encryption mode to server authentication. If not provided, defaults to false.                                                                                            |
| **redisConfigs**                                  | object | Optional. Provided values are passed to the Redis configuration. Supported values can be read on [Google's Supported Redis configurations page](https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/supported-redis-configurations). If left empty, defaults to an empty object. |

> | **maintenancePolicy**                             | object | Optional. Defines a desired maintenance policy. Only one policy can be active at the time.  If not provided, maintenance events can be performed at any time. To learn more about maintenance policy limitations and requirements, please see [official documentation page.](https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/about-maintenance). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **maintenancePolicy**                             | object | Optional. Defines a desired maintenance policy. Only one policy can be active at a time.  If not provided, maintenance events can be performed at any time. To learn more about maintenance policy limitations and requirements, see [About maintenance on Memorystore for Redis](https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/about-maintenance). |
```

> | **maintenancePolicy.dayOfWeek**                   | object | Optional. Defines maintenance policy to specific day.                                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **maintenancePolicy.dayOfWeek**                   | object | Optional. Defines maintenance policy to a specific day.                                                                                                                                                       |
```

# GcpRedisInstance Custom Resource
The `gcpredisinstance.cloud-resources.kyma-project.io` is a namespace-scoped custom resource (CR).
It describes the Google Memorystore Redis instance.

> Once the instance is provisioned, inside the same namespace, an "auth" `Secret` with endpoint and credentials is provided alongside it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the instance is provisioned, inside the same namespace, an auth Secret with endpoint and credentials is provided alongside it.
```

> Current implementation supports *Basic* and *Standard(without replicas)* tiers, that are explained in detail on the [Google's Memorystore for Redis overview page](https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/memorystore-for-redis-overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current implementation supports *Basic* and *Standard(without replicas)* tiers, which are explained in detail on the [Google's Memorystore for Redis overview page](https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/memorystore-for-redis-overview).
```

Redis requires a `/28` ip range.
To learn more, read [Configure a reserved IP address range](https://cloud.google.com/filestore/docs/creating-instances#configure_a_reserved_ip_address_range).
Those IP addresses are allocated from the [IpRange CR](./04-10-iprange.md).
If an IpRange CR is not specified in the GcpNfsVolume, then the default IpRange is used.

> If a default IpRange does not exist, it is automatically created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the default IpRange does not exist, it is automatically created.
```

> Manually create a non-default IpRange with specified Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) and use it only in advanced cases of network topology when you want to be in control of the network segments in order to avoid range conflicts with other networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manually create a non-default IpRange with specified Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) and use it only in advanced cases of network topology when you want to control the network segments to avoid range conflicts with other networks.
```

When creating GcpRedisInstance, two fields are mandatry: `memorySizeGb`, and `tier`.

> Optionally, you can specify the `redisVersion`, `authEnabled`, `transitEncryption`, `redisConfigs`, and `maintenancePolicy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, you can specify the `redisVersion`, `authEnabled`, `transitEncryption`, `redisConfigs`, and `maintenancePolicy` fields.
```

> By default, the created secret that holds credentials has the same name as the GcpRedisInstance, unless specified otherwise.

Reviewer: By secret, do you mean like Kubernetes Secret? If so, please use uppercase Secret here and in other sections of the document.

Author: Changed to uppercase

# Specification

This table lists the parameters of the given resource together with their descriptions:

**Spec:**

> This table lists the parameters of the GcpRedisInstance, together with their descriptions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This table lists the parameters of GcpRedisInstance, together with their descriptions:
```

| Parameter                                         | Type   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| --------------------------------------------------| ------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **ipRange**                                       | object | Optional. IpRange reference. If omitted, the default IpRange will be used, if default IpRange does not exist, it will be created.                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **ipRange**                                       | object | Optional. IpRange reference. If omitted, the default IpRange is used. If the default IpRange does not exist, it will be created.                                                                           |
```

> | **ipRange.name**                                  | string | Name of the existing IpRange to use.                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: Is it a required field?

| **memorySizeGb**                                  | int    | Required. Redis memory size in GiB.                                                                                                                                                                         |
| **tier**                                          | string | Required. The service tier of the instance. Supported values are `BASIC` and `STANDARD_HA`                                                                                                                  |
| **transitEncryption**                             | object | Optional. Defines the way TLS is executed. Currently supports only one mode. If not provided, in-transit encryption is disabled.                                                                            |
| **transitEncryption.serverAuthentication**        | bool   | Optional. If true, sets in-transit encryption mode to server authentication. If not provided, defaults to false.                                                                                            |

> | **redisConfigs**                                  | object | Optional. Provided values are passed to redis configuration. Supported values can be read on [Google's Supported Redis configurations page](https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/supported-redis-configurations). If left empty, defaults to empty object. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **redisConfigs**                                  | object | Optional. Provided values are passed to the Redis configuration. Supported values can be read on [Google's Supported Redis configurations page](https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/supported-redis-configurations). If left empty, defaults to an empty object. |
```

| **maintenancePolicy**                             | object | Optional. Defines a desired maintenance policy. Only one policy can be active at the time.  If not provided, maintenance events can be performed at any time.                                               |
| **maintenancePolicy.dayOfWeek**                   | object | Optional. Defines maintenance policy to specific day.                                                                                                                                                       |

> | **maintenancePolicy.dayOfWeek.day**               | string | Required. The day of week that maintenance updates occur. Supported values are `MONDAY`, `TUESDAY`, `WEDNESDAY`, `THURSDAY`, `FRIDAY`, `SATURDAY`, `SUNDAY`.                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **maintenancePolicy.dayOfWeek.day**               | string | Required. The day of the week that maintenance updates occur. Supported values are `MONDAY`, `TUESDAY`, `WEDNESDAY`, `THURSDAY`, `FRIDAY`, `SATURDAY`, `SUNDAY`.                                                |
```

> | **maintenancePolicy.dayOfWeek.startTime**         | object | Required. Defines start time of the policy in UTC time.                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **maintenancePolicy.dayOfWeek.startTime**         | object | Required. Defines the start time of the policy in UTC time.                                                                                                                                                     |
```

> | **maintenancePolicy.dayOfWeek.startTime.hours**   | int    | Required. Hours of day in 24 hour format. Should be from 0 to 23                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **maintenancePolicy.dayOfWeek.startTime.hours**   | int    | Required. Hours of day in 24-hour format. Accepts values from 0 to 23                                                                                                                                            |
```

> | **maintenancePolicy.dayOfWeek.startTime.minutes** | int    | Required. Minutes of hour of day. Must be from 0 to 59.                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **maintenancePolicy.dayOfWeek.startTime.minutes** | int    | Required. Minutes of an hour of the day. Accepts values from 0 to 59.                                                                                                                                                     |
```

| **authSecret**                                    | object | Optional. Auth secret options.                                                                                                                                                                              |
| **authSecret.name**                               | string | Optional. Auth secret name.                                                                                                                                                                                 |

> | **authSecret.labels**                             | object | Optional. Auth secret labels. Keys and values should be string.                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **authSecret.labels**                             | object | Optional. Auth secret labels. Keys and values must be a string.                                                                                                                                             |
```

> | **authSecret.annotations**                        | object | Optional. Auth secret annotations. Keys and values should be string.                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **authSecret.annotations**                        | object | Optional. Auth secret annotations. Keys and values must be a string.                                                                                                                                        |
```

| --------------------------- | ------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| .metadata.name              | string | Name of the auth secret. It will share the name with the GcpRedisInstance unless specified otherwise        |
| .metadata.labels            | object | Specified custom labels (if any)                                                                            |
| .metadata.annotations       | object | Specified custom annotations (if any)                                                                       |
| .spec.data[host]            | string | Primary connection host.                                             |
| .spec.data[port]            | string | Primary connection port.                                           |
| .spec.data[primaryEndpoint] | string | Primary connection endpoint. Provided in <host>:<port> format.                                              |
| .spec.data[authString]      | string | Auth string. Provided if authEnabled is set to true.                                                        |

> | .spec.data[CaCert.pem]      | string | CA Certificate that should be used for TLS. Provided if transit encryption is set to server authentication. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| .spec.data[CaCert.pem]      | string | CA Certificate that must be used for TLS. Provided if transit encryption is set to server authentication. |
```
